Can you believe how competent Manager Jian is?
She’s only been here for two days
and she’s already secured two big orders
Don’t you know?
Her entry into Li Shi wasn’t exactly legitimate
What do you mean by that?
You really don’t know?
You can’t judge a book by its cover
"Climb to the top" is all it takes
Is that true?
It’s true, I even have photos of her on my phone
I feel like she doesn’t seem like that kind of person
Let me add you to the group, there’s a lot of hot stuff in there
No way, she looks too good like this
Her figure is too hot
Alright, see you later
By the way, you probably don’t know
She’s also Zhang’s ex-wife
So that’s her?
Moreover, I heard
after one party, she and Li
ended up together
Go on, tell me more
Look at this
This one too,
and this one, and more
Right
Why aren’t you saying anything?
Manager Jian, we’re really sorry,
we shouldn’t have talked about you like that
We’re really sorry
What are you afraid of?
I didn’t say anything
Did you say anything?
No, no
Sorry, Manager Jian
I shouldn’t have said that about you
I’m really sorry
Open the group chat
Give me your phone
Let go
Do you know who the group leader is?
I don’t know, I don’t know
It’s
all just some clone accounts of company employees
1:00 AM,
add this number
Got it?
Got it
You should all understand
what should be said
and what shouldn’t be said
Understood
Very good
I trust you
I hope you
don’t disappoint me
Otherwise, next time I come to you
But it’s not just
about Manager Jian using her body to climb up
Rumors won’t bring down that woman
It really makes me angry
Don’t worry,
I still have other ways